 Thank you for calling Brentburg. This is Jessica. How may I help you? Hi, Jessica. My name is John and I'm from Sydney, Australia, and I run a tech marketplace business, a startup, and I'm run off my feet at the moment. I'm looking for someone to help me get a virtual assistant. Is that something you can help me with? Yes, definitely, John. Thank you so much for that information. May I know what are the different tasks this virtual assistant would be doing? Yeah, I just really need basic administrative work. I need someone to do my email management. I need someone to manage my calendar, do some scheduling for me, maybe book some travel if I need to from time to time, some data entry, some pretty basic stuff just to help me with work that I shouldn't be focused on while I'm trying to launch this new tech company. Yes, definitely. I can help you out with that. Well, you said that what you're looking for is someone who can do email management, calendar management, data entry, a little bit of reservations and bookings for you. Are there any other tasks that you think this person would be doing? Look, they've got to have a decent speaking voice. That's one of the things they might need to call people on my behalf. So they need to sound professional. They also need to write professionally as well. So I need someone who can read, who sound well and write well. Great. So we would look for someone with excellent communication skills both verbal and written All right Yes I can definitely help you out with that I can assign an administrative assistant for you Is this for a full or a part role How many hours a week is part-time? Our minimum for part-time roles are 20 hours a week, which is like Mondays through Fridays, four hours in a day. And how many for full-time? For full-time, it's 40 hours a week, Mondays through Fridays. So about nine hours a day with one hour lunch. Okay, that sounds more like what I need. And what's the approximate rate? At this stage, look, I'm not looking to get someone immediately. I probably need someone in the next month or so. So at the moment, I'm just exploring pricing. So if you just give me an approximate range, and if you can email me some information, that would be great for what I need today. Okay, well, here on, I can provide you the rate, and then I will definitely email you all the information that we have discussed and more about our company. The rate is $7.50 to $9 per hour, AUD, XGSE. How does that sound to you? That sounds excellent. If you can send me an email to john.gartner, G-A-R-T-N-E-R, at gmail.com, and I will read that and review it, and I'll come back with any questions, or I might book in another time with you to have a chat. Lovely. I definitely do that. and I'll follow up with you in a couple of days. Is that okay? Yeah, that would be great. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Have a lovely rest of your day. Bye-bye.