 Hello, Eloise speaking. Hi, Eloise. This is Sophia. Good day. I'm phoning from the realestateleadgeneration.com.au. We just want to... Yes? Our custom lead generation packages are now live. We're getting real estate agent leads as we speak. Now, I know you're busy, Eloise, But if your team is already set up with a stable stream of incoming leads, property appraisals, property management, and general inquiries, that's fine. We'll leave you to it. But we've been working with real estate agencies for over 10 years, and there's always a common theme. Where is your next lead going to come from? So my call today is just to book a time with one of our real estate lead specialists. We're based in both Sydney and Melbourne. They'll quickly introduce the package to you. Just run through a few of the finer details, Eloise. It'll only take 10 to 20 minutes to give you the background of the package. to let you ask any questions you may have. Are you free next week, Wednesday, during the morning or after lunch? No, I'm really sorry. I'll be running around at open. What about Friday next week Or we can do April appointments as well I don actually understand What is it Custom lead generation package This is your line of business, right? Real estate? Yes. So these are just custom lead generations. To be honest, I don't really have the information for the package. What I really do is just to connect you to our real estate lead specialist so that they could discuss the package with you. any questions that you may have to be able to answer it for you most definitely through the appointment it'll just take like 10 to 20 minutes oh okay um can because i'm like i'm out at the moment are you able to send me an email and i can have a look at it and then confirm a time i won't be because i to be honest i don't really have we call out so i don't really have me email but i could i could set you up for say friday next week and we still have we still have from 10 a.m. to 12.30. No, thanks. Sorry. Okay. What about if I call you back next week and then perhaps we can get an appointment time for you next week? Okay, that sounds good. All right. I'll call you back Monday. All right. Thank you. All right. Thank you so much. Have a good day today. Enjoy your weekend. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Bye.